[Applause]
hey everyone
blaise here with my new and up-to-date
seal twisting and rotation guide
in this video i will explain what seal
twisting is
how it will be implemented in the raid
setting and other various things that
you can do with seal twisting
i will also be going over how this is
implemented in our priority base
rotation
seal twisting is the ability for
paladins to proc two seal effects on one
melee swing deal of command has a
lingering effect of 400 milliseconds
that persists after you activate another
seal
in order to achieve procking two seal
effects on one weapon swing
you will activate a seal while seal of
command is already active
you cannot twist seal of blood into seal
of command
you can twist seal of command into other
seals
but the most common form in pve will be
seal of command
and seal of blood twisting seal of
command
into seal of blood effectively will give
you one seal of command proc
and two seal of blood procs one seal of
blood procking off of the weapon attack
and another procking off of the seal of
command attack
make sure that you are only using rank 1
seal of command
as max rank will drain your mana
in order to help you with twisting you
can use weak auras and macros
you need to utilize a swing timer at the
bare minimum in order to know when your
melee attacks are about to land
one weak aura i recommend is gaffian's
seal twisting timer
it includes a swing timer seal indicator
as well as important buff trackers the
swing timer is broken down into sections
to help you see
your global cooldowns as well as the
best time to twist
the last white bar is the window that
you need to activate your seal
in order to twist the red line prior to
that
is the last possible moment that you can
activate another spell
or reapply seal of command before your
weapon swing lands
you can use a couple variations of a
macro to help with twisting
the most common form will be a start
attack seal of blood
macro this allows the paladin to be in
melee range of the target
with seal of command buffed and then
swapped to seal a blood
and begin their attack this can result
in an almost guaranteed twist
depending on if seal of command procs or
does not
you can use this macro on its own or you
can use it with avenging wrath and your
on use trinket
stop attack can be used if you need to
stop your attack in order to set
yourself
up for a start attack macro however
this is not recommended in melee range
and should be used when running out of
melee unfriendly mechanics or changing
targets
twisting will be a large portion of our
rotation when the paladin can master it
in a raid setting you will follow these
priorities
make sure improved judgment of the
crusader is on the target
you bring three percent crit to the
current target in the raid
so make sure that it is up at all times
twist
seal of command into seal of blood on
auto attack
make sure you swap back to seal of
command if you are in
seal of blood prior to your auto attack
crusaders strike on cooldown while it is
preferred to press a crusader strike on
the cooldown
it can be delayed up to 3 seconds for
the twist
judgment of blood only after your auto
attack
make sure that you apply seal of command
after judging
so that you can get ready for your next
twist
exorcism if the target is undead or
demon
consecrate depending on your current and
future mana pool
you can use ranks 1 4 and 6 depending on
your current mana usage
if there are multiple targets consider
using this over
exorcism
here i can show you roughly what the
priority base rotation
should look like outside of blood lust
or heroism
notice i give a couple seconds in melee
range to give my tanks a second to get
some threat
this is because the seal of blood start
attack macro can produce
a lot of threat but also can apply three
stacks of vengeance in one swing
generally you will be seal twisting
every other auto attack
outside of bloodlust or heroism the
times that you will be weaving in a
consecrate or an exorcism
is when you are currently buffed with
seal of blood and you are landing your
attack
during bloodlust or heroism you will be
twisting a little more
there are times when you will twist on
back to back auto attacks
because your crusader strike is on
cooldown and you will have enough time
to squeeze in two twists
you should be attempting to use your
avenging wrath trinket
and dps potions right before your attack
lands
this is to ensure that you don't have
any downtime of buffs
it is also important to note that
waiting for the effects of bloodlust
heroism and vengeance will give you a
damage increase
it is also recommended that if you can
time your dps cooldown to be right
before you twist
you will see less down time and more
twists with the buff
thanks for watching everyone and as
always if you like this content
please like and subscribe i will be
coming out with more videos in the next
couple of days
if you are looking for a written tbc
rhett guide i have one in my about me on
my youtube
and on my twitch channel also if you are
looking to talk to more rats
and discuss tbc swing by the light club
discord